Support PR: Deprecate QUEUE_WORKER_MAX_STALLED_COUNT variable (#5268)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/deploy/host-n8n/configure-n8n/basic-configuration/use-environment-variables/queue-mode.md

| `QUEUE_WORKER_LOCK_DURATION` | Number | `60000` | How long (in ms) is the lease period for a worker to work on a message. |
| `QUEUE_WORKER_LOCK_RENEW_TIME` | Number | `10000` | How frequently (in ms) should a worker renew the lease time. |
| `QUEUE_WORKER_STALLED_INTERVAL` | Number | `30000` | How often should a worker check for stalled jobs (use 0 for never). |

> | `QUEUE_WORKER_MAX_STALLED_COUNT` (**deprecated**) | Number | `1` | **Deprecated** Removed in n8n 2.0. Setting this has no effect. See [Remove QUEUE_WORKER_MAX_STALLED_COUNT](../../../../../changelog/v20-breaking-changes.md#remove-queueworkermaxstalledcount) for migration details. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `QUEUE_WORKER_MAX_STALLED_COUNT` (**deprecated**) | Number | `1` | **Deprecated** Removed in n8n 2.0. Setting this has no effect. See [Remove QUEUE_WORKER_MAX_STALLED_COUNT](https://app.gitbook.com/s/hhM8Cox90Piiv0u0EgHM/v20-breaking-changes#remove-queueworkermaxstalledcount) for migration details. |
```

[breaking change: removed QUEUE_WORKER_MAX_STALLED_COUNT]()
